{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deflang2057\plain\fs24\fet1
{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}
}
{\info
{\createim\yr2015\mo3\dy24\hr8\min25}
}
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440
{\pard\ql\li400
{\line}
Apple, Inc
{\line}
1 Infinite Loop
{\line}
Cupertino, CA 11122
{\line}
{\line}
Nick Leoutsakos
{\line}
36 Boxboro Road
{\line}
Apt 23
{\line}
Maitland, FL 32751
{\line}
\par}
{\pard\qj
Dear Nick Leoutsakos,
{\line}
{\line}
Apple, Inc is pleased to offer you employment on the following terms:
{\line}
\par}
{\pard\qj
1. 
{\b\fs11
Position. 
}
Your title will be Siri Dev, and you will report to Johny Ives.  Your start date is 2023-03-03.  This is a part-time position. While you render services to Apple, Inc, you are free to engage in other employment, consulting, or other business activity as long as it does not create a conflict of interest with Apple, Inc.  By signing this letter agreement, you confirm to Apple, Inc that you have no contractual commitments or other legal obligations that would prohibit you from performing your duties for Apple, Inc
{\line}
\par}
{\pard\qj
2. 
{\b\fs11
Cash Compensation. 
}
The Company will pay hourly at a rate of $@ap_wage, payable in accordance with Apple, Inc's standard payroll schedule.  This wage will be subject to adjustment pursuant to Apple, Inc\u8217\'3fs employee compensation policies in effect from time to time.
{\line}
\par}
{\pard\qj
3. 
{\b\fs11
Employee Benefits. 
}
As a part-time employee of Apple, Inc, you will not be eligible for Company-sponsored benefits or paid vacation.
{\line}
\par}
{\pard\qj
4. 
{\b\fs11
Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement. 
}
Like all Company employees, you will be required, as a condition of your employment with Apple, Inc to sign Apple, Inc\u8217\'3fs standard Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement.
{\line}
\par}
{\pard\qj
5. 
{\b\fs11
Employment Relationship. 
}
Employment with Apple, Inc is for no specific period of time.  Your employment with Apple, Inc will be "at will," meaning that either you or Apple, Inc may terminate your employment at any time and for any reason, with or without cause.  Any contrary representations that may have been made to you are superseded by this letter agreement.  This is the full and complete agreement between you and Apple, Inc on this term.  Although your job duties, title, compensation and benefits, as well as Apple, Inc\u8217\'3fs personnel policies and procedures, may change from time to time, the \u8220\'3fat will\u8221\'3f nature of your employment may only be changed in an express written agreement signed by you and a duly authorized officer of Apple, Inc (other than you).
{\line}
\par}
{\pard\qj
6. 
{\b\fs11
Tax Matters. 
}
{\line}
{\line}
(a) 
{\b\fs11
Withholding. 
}
All forms of compensation referred to in this letter agreement are subject to reduction to reflect applicable withholding and payroll taxes and other deductions required by law.
{\line}
{\line}
(b) 
{\b\fs11
Tax Advice. 
}
You are encouraged to obtain your own tax advice regarding your compensation from Apple, Inc.  You agree that Apple, Inc does not have a duty to design its compensation policies in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities, and you will not make any claim against Apple, Inc or its Board of Directors related to tax liabilities arising from your compensation.
{\line}
\par}
{\pard\qj
7. 
{\b\fs11
Interpretation, Amendment and Enforcement. 
}
This letter agreement constitutes the complete agreement between you and Apple, Inc, contains all of the terms of your employment with Apple, Inc and supersedes any prior agreements, representations or understandings (whether written, oral or implied) between you and Apple, Inc.  This letter agreement may not be amended or modified, except by an express written agreement signed by both you and a duly authorized officer of Apple, Inc.  The terms of this letter agreement and the resolution of any disputes as to the meaning, effect, performance or validity of this letter agreement or arising out of, related to, or in any way connected with, this letter agreement, your employment with Apple, Inc or any other relationship between you and Apple, Inc (the \u8220\'3fDisputes\u8221\'3f) will be governed by State law, excluding laws relating to conflicts or choice of law.  You and Apple, Inc submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the federal and state courts in connection with any Dispute or any claim related to any Dispute.
{\line}
\par}
{\pard\qj
You may indicate your agreement with these terms and accept this offer by signing and dating this agreement by 2023-03-01.  As required by law, your employment with Apple, Inc is contingent upon your providing legal proof of your identity and authorization to work in the United States.  This offer is also contingent upon successful completion of a Background check, References check, Drug Test conducted in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws.  Upon your acceptance of this employment offer, @co_rep will provide you with the necessary paperwork and instructions.
{\line}
\par}
}